The Joe Rogan.
Experience. And I'm gonna tell you something, our country,
I'm gonna tell you where it's headed. So you understand, um,
our country can only become one of two things.
It can become number one, that which we stand up, I'm sorry,
that which we sit back and let it become,
or number two that's, which we stand up and make it become.
So we are charged with this question.
Do I want to, uh,
sit back and see what my country becomes or do I want to stand up and make my
country become what I wanna see? And I've chosen, I've chosen the latter,
cause I don't like the direction that's going in.
Well, you've chosen a very noble, not just the ladder, but a very noble path.
I mean,
what you've done is pretty incredible and the amount of time and energy that's
required for you to get close to these guys and the fact that you could be doing
a lot of other things, you're a successful musician yet.
I'm sure you have friends. I'm sure you're busy,
but you chose to spend extraordinary amount of time pursuing this.
I would much rather be on stage playing music and making people happy and
causing to, to jump up and dance and carry on and sing along than, than,
than attending clan rallies.
But I find it more and more necessary because we have dropped the ball.
You know, the topic that you and I are discussing right now, you know, 20,
30 years ago,
would've been taboo talking about on radio or whatever people didn people did
not wanna discuss it. Mm. Um, and you know, and I know we can't talk about that.
Just keep it in the closet, you know? Cause outta sight, outta mind, denial.
Right. And, and denying it does not make it go away. Its cause you can't see it.
It's always there. So now we're, we're forced to address it,
but let me tell you where it's going, which,
which is what a lot of people do not talk about and don't understand. Well,
first of all, let's, let's uh,
let's define what it is back in the day.
There was only one group, the KU Klux Klan.
They were the first and the largest gang. If you will, of racists. Uh,
at one point in time they had 4 million members. All right.
It's a pretty big gang. When was that? Uh, back in the 1920s and,
and into the early thirties, how many people.
Were even in America, in the 1920s. Oh, more than that. More than that. Yeah.
But I mean how many? It wasn't even a hundred million.
I don't, I don't even know.
India. How bad it's probably about 80, 90 million.
Oh we can look it up for sure. Yeah. Because if there's four,
that's a extraordinary.
Number of, and the majority of them were in, uh, Indiana, Indiana, Indiana.
Yeah. About 110, 110 million. Wow. And how many?
4 million that's crazy. Yeah. Yeah.
So it's basically somewhere in the neighborhood of four percent<affirmative> of
the entire population of the country was in the clan. Yeah.
Now, um, at that time it was called white supremacy
because that's what they believe in. You know, this is our country.
We're in charge with Supreme. They didn't call.
It the clan. Yeah.
Yeah. It was a clan, but the ideology was called west supremacy. Okay. Um,
and a lot of, uh, it, it started in 1865,
a lot of violence, a lot of, you know, lynchings, uh, bombings, you know,
dragging people behind vehicles, all kind of stuff began happening.
And oh,
they came a lot of baggage with the term white supremacy where a lot of white
people did not like black people or did not like Jewish people.
They did not wanna participate in, in this night writing, you know,
lynchings and murder and all that kind of stuff either for,
for moral reasons or legal reasons, whatever. Uh, the membership began.
People began dropping out, all right. It was too, too violent for them. This,
this white supremacy word became unpatable and became negative.
So when the membership decreased, they had to rebrand.
So they, so they,
they changed it from white supremacy to white separatism.
I'm a white separatist. I don't hate black people or Jewish people.
I just love my own blacks and Jews should be able to have their own schools,
their own neighborhoods, their own churches, their own workplaces.
We should be able to have ours. And that way we don't have to mix. Oh yeah.
Yeah. I like that idea. Sign me up.
I'm a white separatist membership began increasing. And of course, you know,
the more people you have, somebody's gonna start acting up.
So here comes the violence.
So now the term white supremacy also become unpatable and people
began dropping out.
So membership went down again and then they had to rebrand next.
They call themselves white nationals or white nationalists or all right.
Now what is a nationalist?
A nationalist is someone who loves their country like a Patriot.
So you're a nationalist. I'm a nationalist.
Why do we have to say white nationalist?
Why can't we just say I'm a nationalist, right? But no white nationalist. Uh,
so the, I, yeah, I love my country and I I'm white.
Sign me up here, comes the violence. So once again,
they rebranded and now they call it the alt-right. And I,
I hate to use a cliche,
but as they say arose by any other name is what still arose.
So you can call whatever you want to call. It is still white supremacy.
Do you think that.
Charlotte was a wake up call for Charlotte over there? Charlottesville.
Excuse me for it.
It was for me because I knew that it still existed,
but I didn't think they would show themselves publicly like that in the age of
the internet and walk down the street with Tiki torches.
Let me tell you something. Let me, I'm gonna show you something. Okay.
Okay. The, the rally there was called unite. The right rally.
I knew the guy who put it on. I know all the speakers there.
I knew them personally. All right.
What was your understanding as to why they were having this big unite?
The right rally? I only.
Knew of it peripherally. I didn't know why they were doing it.
I just had probably heard it on the news or something like that,
that it was going on. Okay. And then when I saw the KKK showing,
were those guys, the Charlottesville guys with the torches?
Were those KKK or was it another white supremacy movement? All.
All of the above. They had different, different, it was unite, the right.
All the different right wing groups came right league of the south,
the KU kluxtlan national socialist movement, uh, different, you know, entities,
socialist movement. Yeah. The national socialist movement.
Like the Nazis exactlyn really? Yeah. Okay. They were there too now.
Um, in the media, they, they, they gave a reason as to why.
Why were they there? What were they protesting? What was their reason for, for,
for being there in Charlottesville? I have no idea. Okay. Well,
if the media put out was they had come together to protest the removal
of the Confederate, uh, statues. Okay. You.
You call that. Yeah. I remember they were tearing down the statues. Right.
And I had a conversation with somebody about it that those statues,
most of them were very too cheaply made and they were,
it was actually put up during the civil rights movement. Right. Exactly.
As a slap and phase. Yes. Yes. Okay.
So that was not the reason why they had the rally. Okay.
That's what the media said. Okay.
Anytime. Okay.
The reason why they had this rally there <affirmative> yes.
There were some people who went there video to, to legitimately, um,
oppose the, the removal of those statues, Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson,
whoever else. Um,
but the majority of people who came there were there to start the initial,
the initial steps of the race war, what that's right. The race war. Okay.
The white supremacists have been predicting and have been preparing for a race
war, just like Dylan roof was trying to start the race war.
That's what he said when he went to that black church and guned up the place.
A lot of these places were trying to the guy who shot all those people in, uh,
El Paso. He said the race war, all right
here. Here's what's, you know,
anytime you want to occupy a piece of public property,
because you want to have a rally, a demonstration,
or even if you want to set up a eliminlemonade hotdo stand.
If it's gonna be on public property, you must have a permit. Right.
You go down to the city, get an application, state, you know,
fill name and state your purpose. You cannot very well say on the application,
I wanna start a race war. You will not get the permit. All right. So you,
you provide some quasi legitimate excuse. My great,
great, great ancestors fought in the Confederacy. That's my heritage.
I don't want you messing with it. Okay.
That's legitimate sign off. Here's your permit, sir.
And now you can occupy that corner of 12th and Maine from 12 noon to 4:00 PM or
whatever. Okay. So they, they went through all the procedure. They, they got,
they legally got a permit to have their United,
the right rally under false pretense. All right.
Now, two things,
anybody who knows American history knows that
they were also blacks and also Jews who fought in
the Confederacy. All right. The, uh,
black slaves had to fight for their slave owners in the south.
There were a number of Jewish slave owners.
They didn't wanna give up that free labor. So blacks, Jews,
and whites fought together in the Confederacy against
blacks, whites, and Jews in the union.
My greatgreg greatat ancestors were slaves who also
fought in the Confederacy. I have ancestors who fought in the Confederacy.
All right. My parents are from Virginia Roanoke and Salem.
I was born in Chicago cause that's where my dad was working at the time. But,
uh, Virginia is, is, was the, a seat of the Confederacy. All right. So
there are black people today.
And some Jewish people who honor the Confederacy,
they don't condone slavery,
but they honor the Confederacy because of their great, great ancestors.
They honor it. How so? Like they have conf Confederate flags. Yeah. Yeah.
They have Confederate flats. Where is this taking place? Mostly in the south.
So there's black people in the south that have Confederate flags. Absolutely.
Look, 'em up. You, you find them all, you find them. Yeah. And um, no,
they don't condone slavery. They're just honoring the Confederacy.
Cause their ancestors were in it and died in it or whatever.
I honor my ancestors, however, I don't honor the Confederacy.
Me personally, if some of the blacks and Jews wanna do that,
that's their business. Um, I don't do it. So,
and ironically, ironically, this is a historical fact,
the Confederate army was integrated.
The union army was segregated. Right. Which doesn't make any sense.
Okay. So here, here, you know, you know, we're,
we're fighting to free slaves and the,
and the Confeder army has blacks and Jews and SL and uh,
and whites fighting together and the union had them all segregated.
It doesn't make sense, but it does because it's also ridiculous.
Cause that's what humans are. Exactly. Exactly. You got it. Yeah. You know,
rationality. Yeah. So, okay. So now if,
if blacks and Jews and whites could fight together
150 years ago,
why can't they March together in 2017?
Wouldn't it make more sense and give more credibility to your cause.
If your cause was truly to preserve those statues,
why not invite descendants like yourselves of blacks and Jews
to March with you in Charlottesville and say, Hey, that's my heritage too.
Leave it alone. Would that not add more credibility? That certainly would,
but what, what are the numbers? I mean, how doesn't can you get,
even if you only got five or 10, right. Okay. That still would,
would lend some credibility. Okay. Okay. But instead,
so they're claiming this is their heritage instead of inviting,
uh, or, or including blacks and Jews,
they excluded them in 2017.
So if blacks and Jews wanted a March, they would not let them. Yeah, exactly.
I mean, there, I don't know there were that there were any who did,
or they just implicitly stated that this is the white people. This is unite.
The, I unite the right. Okay. Yeah. White, white supremacists organizations.
So instead of including blacks and Jews, you know,
heritage should include everybody in that heritage. You talk about the,
you wanna preserve the Confederacy. Well guess what,
there were blacks in the Confederacy, you know,
that that's historical fact there were Jews in the, in the Confederacy,
the Confederacy was simply a reflection of, of, of, of the south.
Okay. So instead of including them,
they excluded them and they marched through the uni university of Virginia
campus with their Tiki torchs and the streets ofharlottesville yelling and
screaming anti-semmatic and racial, epic. That's what does that tell you?
It tells you their protests was not about heritage.
It was about hate that's number one, number two,
nobody in Charlottesville or anywhere else ever met their great, great,
great ancestors who fought in the, in the Confederacy. Right?
Those people were long, dead and gone by 1865. A um,
and these people weren't even born then right now you tell me,
but it's okay. You know, you, you can honor people that you don't know.
All right, that's fine. But how do you honor your great, great,
great ancestors in the Confederacy? And at the same time,
you dishonor the very end ancestors who you do know the
very ones who raised you, your fathers, your grandfathers.
And if you're lucky enough, you may have met your great-grandfather.
These people, many fathers of these people in Charlottesville, many fathers,
grandfathers, and great-grandfathers lost their lives fighting,
not in the Confederacy, but fighting in world war II.
And who were they fighting in? World war II, the Nazis. So how do you tell me,
you're gonna honor your great, great, great ancestors.
And you're gonna walk down the streets.
Ofharlottesville side by side with peoplewearing Swika we went to
war against an Nazis.
Why are you marching with Nazis and flying swastika now,
now, but wait, wait, please. Um,
what did the Nazis have to do without heritage? Right?
The Nazis had no heritage in Charlottesville, Virginia. In fact,
the Nazis weren't even in existence during our,
our civil war adollf Hitler was not even born during our civil war.
So what were the Nazis doing in Charlottesville? It wasn't about heritage.
It was about hate. And that's what the media failed to tell us,
because what the media did was they went to city hall, cuz it's public record,
just pull, pulled the permit and read, oh, they're there to, uh,
to protest the statues. They took it verbatim and they reported like that.
They didn't do the background check.
Now was it a small percentage of them that were the ones that were marching with
the torchs and the swasts.
And did they join into the entire group or was the entire group all about hate?
The, I would say so everybody was there.
I would say probably about 95% of people. There were about eight Mmhmm.
<Affirmative>.
And so there was a few misguided people that were there because they really
thought they were protecting their Southern heritage. Right.
And they were lumped in with all these other people that used it as a R to sort
of set up this hate. Right. Hate meeting.
To, to have to have a permit. How many people.
Were went there for that thing.
I mean, there were, there were more protestors of course. Yeah. As usual. Right.
Which, which it should be. Um, I, I don't have the exact numbers myself,
IM I'm sure I can get 'em. They, they get skewed. My side,
the police would tell you one number and the, uh, people,
they were taking another number, the.
The guy who was the, uh, the killer that ran those people over.
James Fields.
That that guy seemed to be 20 years old, the epitome of a,
a lost soul that got sucked into a horrible
ideology. It was not very smart. And that,
that must be a law, large percentage of what they prey on.
Absolutely lost people. And then they, that's not how it called work gives.
Sure. And they give you a meaning and a reason and a heritage to defend mm-hmm
<affirmative> and then everyone a status and a status. Right. Yeah.
And then a bunch of crazy names like cylops and mm-hmm <affirmative>.
Night Hawk. And you know, and I know Susan bro, Susan bro, uh, is the, my,
of Heather higher, the girl who was, uh, who was murdered and,
and run down by James Fields that 20 year old boy threw his life away.
And it was premeditated. You, you know, he,
he had said stuff on the internet before even going there. Yeah. And praise,
Hitler, and so forth. And so on, you know, these are things, you know,
that we have to be very much a aware of. Yeah.